Part 4
1.) When making a mistake on a positive review, I was noticing that a lot of the descriptors used in the review were synonyms to the word 'good'. Since the word 'good' wasn't explicitly used in review, the algorithm missed it and counted the review as 'NONE' or 'bad' and calculated it as a mistaken prediction. Similarly, making a mistake on a negative review was also due to a similar mechanism, where the descriptors were synonyms to 'bad'. Overall, I also noticed that the reviews that were mistaken dive deeper into the writer's reasons for why something did not meet their expectations, but didn't have a direct qualifier that outright stated the movie was 'good' or 'bad'.
2.) The precision is better than the recall because the program makes more false negatives than false positives. A false negative is when the algorithm's prediction is not equal to what the true nature of the review is with respect to the opposite polarity. A false positive is when the algorithm's prediction is not equal to what the true nature of the review is with respect to the same polarity. It is much easier for the computer to predict that a truly good review is bad rather than a truly bad review is good (with respect to good reviews) because the english language is structured in a manner where we can use semantically negative language to describe a positive thing. For example, "the bad acting made the movie funny" could be what a review might say to generate a false negative. However, it seems much harder to write something "good" that can be interpreted as "bad".
3.) This would mean that the value of false positives in negative reviews is much lower than the value of false positives in positive reviews (proportionally). A false positive for positive reviews means that the algorithm predicted positive when the true review is negative. Conversely, a false positive for negative reviews means that the algorithm predicted a negative when the true review is positive. In a way, a false positive for negative reviews functions like a false negative for positive reviews, where semantically (in english) reviewers can use negative language to describe a positive thing. This case would have similar reasoning as the second question!